---
layout: post
title: Week One
---

### What did I do this past week?
The first week has been relatively smooth even though there were several items that needed to be taken care of in order to begin the class. Things like  cloning the class repo, installing docker, creating this blog, etc. Luckily  Dr. Downing's website is very well organized and the Piazza posts provide  loads of helpful information in order to make the process easier. I for one am very excited for the class, so the whole list of preparation is more of a  fun learning experience for me rather than a dull chore.

### What's in your way?
I think learning to grasp the new language and the format of how it all works will provide a challenge. That coupled with the several readings that are given each week will be a decent handful. I'm hoping to get a lot out of this course so though it does seem like a fair workload, I feel that it will provide a lot of value.

### What will you do next week?
I'm hoping to get ahead on the readings a week before they must be completed, so the goal is to finish both this week's and next week's just to have as much done as possible. This will hopefully give me more time to better understand the material and also handle any issues/questions I may have as soon as possible.

As far as my experience thus far, I feel the class will have a lot to offer me and for that reason I am intrigued. The lecture's feel very informative and the content is interesting to me so I am enjoying myself. Dr. Downing does a great job of explaining the code he has showed us, literally going through line by line and making sure each bit is fully understood, which I believe is very important considering languages can often look similar but in fact be very different.

It is a bit intimidating that he calls on people one-by-one by name in order to answer the questions about what is being shown, but I believe his intentions are good. Not only does it make sure everyone is on the same page, but it also ensures that people are paying attention and keeping up with his explanations.

### Tip of the week:
My tip is probably known to some, but something I learned while fumbling around with Jekyll and trying to bring this blog up (I originally was doing it wrong and this information doesn't really apply to what we did for the blog, but interesting nonetheless! Some of this info might not technically be correct, I just learned about this an hour ago). When using Ruby on my OSX machine, I was unable to install gems because I did not have the permissions to run the commands necessary. This is because I was not using a Ruby Version (or enVironment) Manager, aka RVM. Based on what I read about it, it's very important for those who are interested in Ruby development because it makes using different versions of Ruby very easy, as well as allows one to use the Ruby commands without having the permission issues like I had. It was kind of a pain for me to set up, but it seems very helpful if it's ever something I'm interested in in the future!
