---
layout: post
title: Week Nine
---

### What did I do this past week?
This week I spent most of my time completing Allocator. I had a couple of issues/bugs that needed fixing, so I ensured that I completed the project as soon as possible. Aside from that, I worked on homework from my other classes that way this week most time can be set aside for studying.

### What's in your way?
I have three tests this week, and I have the next OOP project. I'm probably not going to start it until after I'm done with all my tests so I don't get too distracted with working on it. That means almost all of this week will be spent studying, preparing, and going to office hours if necessary.

### What will you do next week?
Studying for my tests is pretty much all I'll be able to do. They're all three on the same day, so I will be utilizing my time trying to succeed on those. After those are done, I will get together with a partner (after I find one) and start working on Darwin. I've heard this project is more difficult that the others, so I would rather get started working on it sooner than later.

### Tip of the week:
My tip of this week is a general tip having to do with interviews. I've noticed that for interviews I feel less pressure in, I tend to do better. With this in mind, make sure to not stress too much! If you're anything like me, you spend a lot of time in your head worrying about how you'll do. And if you're like me you have had poorer performance because of that. The point is, the interview is a great opportunity and no matter what happens, it is a helpful learning experience! Also, if you happen to not do so well, go over the problem(s) you were given afterward and complete them on your own. That way you can learn as much as you can from it!