---
layout: post
title: Week Ten
---

### What did I do this past week?
This week I had 3 tests on the same day, so I spent all week up until Thursday studying for them. This meant I wasn't able to work on Darwin like I would have liked, but I've read over it and feel like I have some understanding of it so hopefully I won't be spending too much time stuck. I want to get it done as soon as possible so that way I don't feel too rushed to complete it by the last day.

### What's in your way?
Darwin needs to be completed. I've heard there are some parts of the design that can take some time, so I'm worried about taking so long on that portion that other things will feel rushed. Besides that, I have homework for other classes that I need to completed so I need to get those done as well.

### What will you do next week?
I'm going to spend most of my time on Darwin, assuming the homework I have done is complete. I have a couple of interviews as well, so I have to work around those times which is making some scheduling issues with my partner. I think it will end up proving to be a little difficult but I'm sure we will get through it.

### Tip of the week:
My tip for this week is a little less related to tech, but still a helpful life tip everyone should keep in mind! I, like many others, find it difficult with all the responsibilities I have to keep up with to find time to work out, go running, etc. However, I highly recommend everyone find sometime to get it done. It can not only make one look/feel better, but can provide benefits to performance in academics, and life in general! It's tough with all of the schoolwork and personal life stuff everyone has to deal with, but it is something that shouldn't be taken for granted!