---
layout: post
title: Week Six
---

### What did I do this past week?
This week was much more relaxed than others. I didn't have any more tests until this upcoming week so I have been studying and getting work done for those. I also have been handling career fair/interview stuff on the side, which to me is much more exciting than school work! For that I am very grateful.

### What's in your way?
I have a lot of work ahead of me. All three of my tests this week are on the same day, so I will need to make sure I feel super prepared across all three subjects in order to do well. I will be studying right after I complete this and be doing so every other day up until the tests. It will be tough but I'm hoping for the best.

### What will you do next week?
Like I mentioned previously, I will be making the most of my time preparing for my tests. I have a couple of homework assignments so I want to have those done by today that way every other day can be focused on studying. I have a decent grasp on most of the concepts but I want to ensure I know them as well as I can so nothing trips me up on my exams.

### Tip of the week:
My tip of the week is sort of different than my others so far. I suggest that everybody actually browse Github for interesting projects. I haven't utilized the starring feature much, but once I found people who were really active on Github I was able to find a lot of interesting projects. It is a great way to not only find cool ideas, but also possibly find an open source project you're interested in. It's a step up from practicing technical problems and definitely something you can throw on your resume if you choose to do so.