---
layout: post
title: Week Ten
---

### What did you do this past week?
This week I spent most of time working on a project for my Python class I've taken this semester. It's pretty interesting, and the final project utilizes Markov Chains which is a pretty cool concept to work with. I've enjoyed taking it alongside SWE as it has really reinforced some concepts touched on in both classes, as well as given me the opportunity to learn some things that from each class that the other may not go over as much. 

### What's in your way?
I'm pretty overwhelmed with my interviewing process at the moment. It makes it hard to focus on school because obviously my career is my end goal, but I also understand I should put in the time necessary for my academics. It's a weird feeling for most seniors, I think. We know school is very important and we try to treat it as such, but it's difficult to prioritize it when you already have a job offer or are putting in a lot of effort to get one. Obviously for others pursuing other plans after college such as grad school or gap years, things are quite different.

### What will you do next week?
IDB needs to get finished. Luckily most of our work on the backend is complete, but we still need frontend work to be done. I will probably have to jump in on that side of things, which will be difficult since I have much less experience with it. I hope I can be beneficial to my group even with my lack of knowledge in that area.

### What's my experience of the class?
I appreciate that Downing really cares about us coming to see companies talk in person. Obviously a lot of people don't want to have to come back to campus later or maybe don't always care for the company, but by incentivizing students with quizzes and food it allows everyone to come and learn something (even if it's only something small). I found Under Armour's information about Kubernetes pretty cool. It makes me want to work on a project involving spawning container's or something, but it's hard to think of an idea that could be interesting, worthwhile, and not too overwhelming. 

### Tip of the week:
My tip this week is about improving physical health! I know as students we tend to avoid doing certain things because of time, like sleeping, working out, eating right, etc. However, I encourage everyone to take the time to make a better effort to do all of the above. I know in my personal experience when I dedicate actual time and attention to taking better care of myself I do really feel and perform better than normal. Just take this as a friendly reminder in case you've been avoiding it or have forgotten to do it recently. I promise it is worth your time!
