---
layout: post
title: Week One
---

### What did you do this past week?
For this course, I studied for the quizzes and began working on Collatz. I spent most of my time getting work
done for other courses so I could dedicate enough time to finish the project (Collatz).

### What's in your way?
I don't think Collatz will take a terribly long time, but I want to make sure I get full credit for the
project so I know it will take a good amount of my time. There are a lot of specifications and requirements
to look out for in order to get all points possible, so I will need to be thorough.

### What will you do next week?
The first thing I'm going to do is finish Collatz fully. I also need to complete the readings in order to
be fully prepared for the quizzes. After that's done, I'll go back to finishing work for other classes so
I can stay ahead.

### What's my experience of the class?
I'm enjoying the class a lot so far! I took OOP a couple semesters ago, but I think I prefer SWE. The only
real reason for that is because I enjoy Python so much, so I like learning about the language formally
much more than I did for C++. I like C++ now, but at the time it was so new I had to dedicate more time to
completing projects and preparing for quizzes whereas with Python I have a much better understanding, which
makes the learning process for what we go over in class much easier.

### Tip of the week:
My tip of the week is to make sure you have your Piazza Careers profile completed! I think some people overlook things like Piazza/LinkedIn and other career sites, but I think they are very helpful. If you
make an effort to fully complete your profile, companies really do notice! Especially now, considering the
career fair is coming up. Best of luck to everyone looking for their full time positions! And any other
endeavors people are pursuing! :)
