---
layout: post
title: Week Nine
---

### What did you do this past week?
This week I had a test to prepare for, and then I started working on finishing IDB. Luckily our roles for the group fit everyone pretty well so everyone had their responsibilities pretty ironed out. Most of my responsibility was involved in the backend work with the database we created. We also all took part in adding to our document and any last minute requirements. By the due date we had very little to work on, just needed to tidy everything up in order to prepare it to be turned in.

### What's in your way?
This week I have a lot of things to get done at work, so that's what I'll spend most of my time working on. Luckily my exams for this part of the semester are completed so I won't get bogged down with studying, just some classwork that needs taking care of.

### What will you do next week?
I want to get ahead on IDB work if I can. It will be difficult to prioritize time for it with other work I will have to do, but hopefully the group can meet up and we can figure out all that needs to get done so that we can be well prepared to complete the projecti in a timely manner.

### What's my experience of the class?
I really like the project a lot. I wish more classes had ongoing projects throughout the semester that students could work on a build on top of. It's more enjoyable to invest the time and effort into something that can end up having really cool results, rather than small and trivial projects here and there.

### Tip of the week:
This week, my tip is to look out for all the free/discounted things you get as a student. Hulu/Spotify just teamed up to offer a $5 monthly fee for both services combined. There are also a lot of really cool deals with tech products, like the Github education account, which offers several benefits to many online services like AWS, Digital Ocean, etc. 
