---
layout: post
title: Week Six
---

### What did you do this past week?
I began going over some of the material from class in preparation for the exam. I feel like there
is a lot to cover so I am hoping to have gone over everything I need by the time the test comes.
I'm interested to see what it will be like, as I know this test includes HackerRank which sounds
quite interesting. I very much enjoy the idea of an exam requiring writing algorithms to
programming problems. I wish more classes did that, as it's a good way of not only ensuring
we can solve small yet sometimes complex problems, but also preparing for some interviews
companies could give.

### What's in your way?
There is a lot of information to cover. Some things I have a better understanding of than others.
I like to think I know Python somewhat well, but I rarely use lambdas, certain aspects of classes,
and some of the operators that we should know that are used in Python. I feel that it will be
difficult to feel that I have a perfect understanding about all of the material before the exam,
but I will do my best.

### What will you do next week?
I will spend most of my time going over the topics listed in Downing's Piazza post, and finding
what information I can about them in the class notes. I also need to go over some of the readings
to make sure I remember most of the important aspects of them, so I feel that that will what
takes up all of my time.

### What's my experience of the class?
While I enjoy the in-class experience, I am a little nervous about the test. I'm sure that all
of the topics have been briefly mentioned, but I am hoping that the bulk of the exam really only
covers what we've spent most of our time talking about. I would be bothered if a random operator
for a function call that was mentioned once that I happened to forget is a reason I lose credit
on the exam, for instance.

### Tip of the week:
My tip of the week is random, but something that's relevant to me so I figured I'd share.
Everyone should get a [Rapid Ramen Cooker](http://www.rapidramen.com/)! It's one of the best
things I've ever used. It's essentially just a dish that is used for cooking ramen, but it
makes it incredibly fast and you don't even need to use any other dishes or bowls which
means less to clean! Highly recommended. Also, ramen is cheap so you can save money (and time)!
But I'm sure most of you knew that already.
